9
Computer Lab
15
5
13
10
postit
null
hat
null
Computer lab with algorithms written on [whiteboards]. Eight total computers of advanced technology, a [notepad] is by one of them. To the south is the well decorated (Lounge). To the east is a door leading to a dangerous room, the (Live Robot Animals) room. To the west is a room containing the taxidermied owls, the (Taxidermy Research Room). To the north is the (Monitoring Room), with a collection of monitors.
Computer lab with a sign inside that reads AI Programming and Research. There are [whiteboard]s with what looks like advanced algorithms written on them. There are two long rows of computers, with 4 computers on each row with a [notepad] next to the nearest computer. The computers look unfamiliar, yet technologically superior. To the east is a closed door to the (Live Robot Animals) room. You hear loud, dangerous sounds coming from behind it and a danger symbol on the door, so it would be best to be equipped with protective gear. To the west you see an open door to the (Taxidermy Research Room), and through it you see what look like two owls with no movement. To the north you see a closed door labeled (Monitoring Room); you can see through a window  that it contains a decent amount of monitors. There’s is a key pad above the handle to open it (maybe the passcode is around here somewhere…). To the south is the well decorated (Lounge) you just came from.
You see that the algorithms are AI algorithms; on one of the whiteboards a researcher wrote that the owl’s AI has become too advanced and they can’t be controlled. Looking at another whiteboard, you realized that mechanical animals were being designed for spying. Clearly, this facility is housing a secret project to develop mechanical animals that can be put out into the wild for spying!
You see a note that someone had left saying the owls have taken control of themselves and attacked people in the wild. This must be the cause of the recent owl attacks that you read about in the news. Whoever wrote the note also wrote that they need to escape as soon as possible.
whiteboard
notepad
null
